README.md, before:

# Recommended Places and Weather Dashboard
UCB-VIRT-FSF-PT-07-2024-U-LOLC Poject 1

## User Story

```
AS A traveler / coding bootcamp classmate 
I WANT to see a map and location description displayed for a site of interest alongside a 5 day weather forecast. 
SO THAT I can plan a trip inspired by classmate recommendations or individual interest based on local weather conditions.  
 

```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a travel planner map and weather dashboard landing page with form inputs
WHEN I input the address for a place of interest in the United States
THEN I am presented with a city-level map contaning a marker designating the exact location and category of that address alongside a 5-day future weather forecast for that location
WHEN I input no or an incomplete address 
THEN I am presented with a modal prompting me to submit a complete address

```

## Mock-Up
![Screenshot of landing page](./assets/images/landing-page-form.png)

![Screenshot of rendered map](./assets/images/rendered-map.png)

![Screenshot of rendered weather forecast](./assets/images/rendered-weather-forecast.png)

## Link to Deployed Application

Link to deployed application: https://ksytwu100.github.io/project1-group5/

Link to github repo: https://github.com/ksytwu100/project1-group5

Link to project presentation:

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iK57jvJxagEz1kN-WoV2y914VwylrTyqR3v11WX1SI4/edit?usp=sharingLinks to an external site.

Commit message:

Add Karol's version note to README

README.md, after:

# Recommended Places and Weather Dashboard

> **Note**: This is Karol's updated version as of January 1, 2026.

UCB-VIRT-FSF-PT-07-2024-U-LOLC Poject 1

## User Story

```
AS A traveler / coding bootcamp classmate 
I WANT to see a map and location description displayed for a site of interest alongside a 5 day weather forecast. 
SO THAT I can plan a trip inspired by classmate recommendations or individual interest based on local weather conditions.  
 

```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a travel planner map and weather dashboard landing page with form inputs
WHEN I input the address for a place of interest in the United States
THEN I am presented with a city-level map contaning a marker designating the exact location and category of that address alongside a 5-day future weather forecast for that location
WHEN I input no or an incomplete address 
THEN I am presented with a modal prompting me to submit a complete address

```

## Mock-Up
![Screenshot of landing page](./assets/images/landing-page-form.png)

![Screenshot of rendered map](./assets/images/rendered-map.png)

![Screenshot of rendered weather forecast](./assets/images/rendered-weather-forecast.png)

## Link to Deployed Application

Link to deployed application: https://ksytwu100.github.io/project1-group5/

Link to github repo: https://github.com/ksytwu100/project1-group5

Link to project presentation:

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iK57jvJxagEz1kN-WoV2y914VwylrTyqR3v11WX1SI4/edit?usp=sharingLinks to an external site.
